Docs: Add header to FAQ doc referencing other relevant docs (#3692)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: docs/apworld_dev_faq.md

# APWorld Dev FAQ

This document is meant as a reference tool to show solutions to common problems when developing an apworld.
It also is not intended to answer every question about Archipelago and it assumes you have read the other docs, 

> for example: [Contributing](contributing.md), [Adding Games](<adding games.md>), [World Api](<world api.md>)

Reviewer: Small suggestion
```suggestion
for example: [Contributing](contributing.md), [Adding Games](<adding games.md>), [World API](<world api.md>)
```

> for example: [Contributing](contributing.md), [Adding Games](<adding games.md>), [World Api](<world api.md>)

Reviewer: Oh, maybe also this
```suggestion
for example: [Contributing](contributing.md), [Adding Games](<adding games.md>), and [World Api](<world api.md>)
```

> for example: [Contributing](contributing.md), [Adding Games](<adding games.md>), [World Api](<world api.md>)

Reviewer: I realized I can just throw all the suggestions into one comment
```suggestion
for example, [Contributing](contributing.md), [Adding Games](<adding games.md>), and [World API](<world api.md>).
```

> It also is not intended to answer every question about Archipelago and it assumes you have read the other docs, 
> for example, [Contributing](contributing.md), [Adding Games](<adding games.md>), and [World API](<world api.md>).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is not intended to answer every question about Archipelago and it assumes you have read the other docs, 
including [Contributing](contributing.md), [Adding Games](<adding games.md>), and [World API](<world api.md>).
```
